Domain/URL	PLATFORM	Platform	Source Type	Site Name
https://twitter.com/inj3ct0r	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	exploit	westside
https://twitter.com/0dayDB	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	0-day	refundable
https://twitter.com/bad_packets	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware	carding deals
https://twitter.com/sdpcthreatintel	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	soul redemption
https://twitter.com/b0bd0g3s	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	amots
https://twitter.com/TBS_Infosec	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	craking en espanol
https://twitter.com/FoluwaRewane	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	epicskillz
https://twitter.com/iam0day	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	0-day	carding-monopole
https://twitter.com/SecurityNewsbot	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	0-day	south shop
https://twitter.com/FLCyberSec	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	exploit	carding paradise
https://twitter.com/TracyFirm	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	ransomware	Fincarder
https://twitter.com/Matilda_Tabor	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	ransomware	
https://twitter.com/nmatte90	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	botnet	
https://twitter.com/0xrb	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,botnet	
https://twitter.com/ChrisPSecc	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,botnet	
https://twitter.com/blueliv	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash,darkweb	
https://twitter.com/MalCrawler	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/James_inthe_box	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware	
https://twitter.com/ElectrumWallet	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/CDA	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/virqdroid	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/0xffff0800	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
"https://twitter.com/PhishingAi
"	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	phishing,malware	
https://twitter.com/malwaremustd1e	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware	
https://twitter.com/thejailbreakhub/	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	jailbreak	
sandboxescaper	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	0-days	
https://twitter.com/CryptoInsane	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	ransomware	
https://twitter.com/r3c0nst	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/_jsoo_	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/senthilkl	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/vupt_bka	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/KevinPerlow	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/blackorbird	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/DHunting5	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/VK_Intel	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/cyberanalyzer	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/slayersecurity	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/neonprimetime	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/425a_	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/malware_traffic	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/killamjr	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/avman1995	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/clucianomartins	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,hash	
https://twitter.com/abuse_ch	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,botnet	
https://twitter.com/CryptoInsane	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,botnet	
https://twitter.com/certbund	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	malware,botnet	
https://twitter.com/malwrhunterteam	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	ransomware	
https://twitter.com/gwillem	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	GoBrut	
https://twitter.com/rommeljoven17	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	GoBrut	
https://twitter.com/DMBisson	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	GoBrut	
https://twitter.com/BleepinComputer	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	jokeroo	
https://twitter.com/_odisseus	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	botnet	
https://twitter.com/0xrb	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	botnet	
https://twitter.com/AttackDetection	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	botnet	
https://twitter.com/ankit_anubhav	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	botnet	
https://twitter.com/campuscodi	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	ransomware	
https://twitter.com/demonslay335/	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	ransomware	
https://twitter.com/checkmydump	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	credential leak	
https://twitter.com/moonbas3	SOCIAL MEDIA	TWITTER	credential leak	
